yeah Richard
got cut in try to keep the speed up a
little bit
all right make sure when you're backing
up that you ever cross that white line
just try to line it up
here I'll get out tell you want to stop
because it doesn't have a camera so it's
kinda like kind of judge
you remember how to turn the detail on
this one just keep it in gear pto and
then
days ago
alright guys we were here up east of
town gonna be picking up this Kenworth
here I got Alex with me and we're in the
darls truck
so you got a blown engine huh
are you doing Trent sure well I'm gonna
tell you there's no way for me to really
jumpstart you on the side of highway
because no so I'm just gonna hook you up
and tell you that sound like a plan if
you died coming up to you I I'm gonna
it's not about
[Music]
they just turned about
right
oh yeah yes I pull it out of here
yeah
right on all right at first she wouldn't
even turn over
I'm sitting here
probably something just seized
you know spit over there
also it is great it is spinning oh yeah
so it's not a battery
okay yeah let's let's just get you
hooked up and out of here and we'll get
you the tiara
all right looks good what do you do Alex
no we were
general it downward from this side or
get the remote
door panel who wanted
training
Hey
what's that just like the five
oh yeah
Alex once you get this down let's get
the life around we go ahead
I'm gonna get this out there
[Music]
go ahead and leave them for now I'll
give you like a five-minute heads-up I
just want that extra cushion
all right
that's all aluminum wait for Alex to
bring the light bar
[Music]
all right Alex go ahead and grab the
light bar go ahead grab the light bar
out of the double box
yeah it's up there
yeah it's good get that going
yeah wherever you want that's good spot
all right just remember to grab that
before we go
I like to put it there
where'd you go
I don't do I'd like to give it a hit it
ain't going nowhere it ain't gonna
[Music]
okay let's get the second
dive under there
no that's not it that's another one if
it's on there whatever we'll deal
without it
just put that one in the control box
here well forget about it
okay good now is that to bind up
now what are we gonna tell down
okay I was I want to dive under it so
handsome
we go
[Music]
it won't it won't get in there okay
we go
until down
I want to dive under there that's I'm
trying to do
about now
yeah I can try to force it in how much
does
that'll clear
got it
[Music]
so see how it's really closer there I'm
just gonna tilt now this trick has a
really strong tilt cylinder
I would assume a manual but look well
let's get it chained down first so that
side very front box there's no change
go ahead I'll watch your back
you got the finder yeah buddy watch your
back yeah
you got a manual automatic I thank God I
[Music]
am - I don't drive automatic no way Jose
hi Alex over the leaf string
back to itself
all the way back
go through the hole that is in front of
the port
[Music]
tell player
this job is gonna take your foot off
all right all the way back and I drop it
through the hole that's right in front
of the work
yeah I did that
is that Dalek
I keep telling them to cut these chains
down
yeah I need it all but
[Music]
now what
yep he said it's a man you'll be good
and confirm and then try to release the
brakes put your foot on the brake
release them in just let it out slowly
released both if they're not already
oh yeah that's Amanda all right
[Music]
travel
top all right go and release
you'll feel it rear up it's a little bit
and I
all right going up out and see if we can
move it forth
brakes are released
what your sister
[Music]
all right let's see if she'll come in to
us
see ya very time-released even though
you really stunned that it didn't have
enough air pressure so now what yeah
so a lot of a lot of these have a hair
fitting
all right so this one doesn't have a
quick-connect so we need to run air
go in the tool box and grab dog
I'll come with you
save me
yep that was there Yelp's grab that
and probably a crescent wrench
leave this eventually
so anyway we can turn that off our jet
right
so we got the air tubes right here
yeah one thing
up in
with arrows and then there's a 50-point
a 25-foot we needed a 20
[Music]
it's on the driver side Alex
have you got that
too big
[Music]
all right cool
alright there's their
hand it down to me through this fuel
tank so it's up and out of the way
all right got it
all right go and run it up
[Music]
starts making it hard for us playing
hard to get
one of these is constant I forget which
one it is
you'll feel it's not that one there's a
break
now
fully
this for these fittings I don't know if
he told you double-click did you is the
red release go up there and put the red
in should be and maybe it came out when
you people
there's the air
are you loaded heavy
probably take you up to the rest stop
and I'll do breaks and everything up
there
what are you grossed at well they said
there's about 45,000 pounds in there
they could all be what could be about 79
okay
Oh
give it some time
all right let's let's see if the drive
shaft has play Alex let's see if the
drive shaft has play on it it might not
see
yeah
yeah all right here you go see what size
it is
[Music]
while you do that I'm gonna get breaks
run since we have two people here all
right got it all right
50 foot come on baby
give me that
[Applause]
watch your back buddy
you want the insurance money don't you
Hey
what are you loaded with I already go
well I don't like that anymore because
it's gonna pull it up getting it Alex
you doing all right Alex
all right breaks our clone kind of
the whole tangled mess isn't it
[Music]
how long you been sitting here
- thirty-year time
this morning really Wow in here for a
while
right
I would come in Alex okay we got one two
three there we go
where's the strap one more strap there
you go
all right I'm gonna set these right here
on your doorstep here are they are they
loose or that okay I'll get you some
table
ready for it
Edith
alright I think it's so much feel maybe
be smarter than competition promotes
promotes business
[Music]
learn that college
we need to
[Music]
find Alex and stuff is expensive yeah
it's like 27 bucks for a big roll of it
through rocky road that's not gonna hit
the diff right guys dropped up they're
really good yeah
I'll get this on their counter there all
right guy all right
go through a checklist go in and hop out
of there but
we got one more thing but we'll get it
here in a second
I'm gonna pull I'm gonna bring it in
watch us make sure that DIF doesn't it
I'm not comfortable with that let's get
it up out of the way
look let's try
yeah that's too close for comfort Alex
just for future reference because going
down the road this strap might start
walking itself out
now given there's not a whole lot of
room down here cuz mr. fancy over here
has a nice trust really good for him
Dawson wow that's awesome and they're
all like this nice long nose
Wow
what
so Jenna put it in soccer I can't
flatten out the rats
[Applause]
Hey break free
all right see how I did that you're
gonna pull it just blow her away from
that dip as you can
probably would have been alright but I
wasn't comfortable how close it was just
repeat records all right so
is that good for towing there now there
all right what's around Safety's
anyone short probably shorter so on and
yeah that's fine just ease it
at all get the same
you know why I do this one it keeps the
chains from slopping into the paint and
to go and do it looser to gives us room
to turn so it doesn't rip his nice bum
from
240 mercedes-benz
smashed into this garden put more
now it's gonna grab that light that goes
supervisor to Telugu
Wow nice strong
he was in the in that Lane and came over
to us makes no sense to me
goodnight close that door up
all right Alex give me a checklist
yep yep yep yep lights in the back
sounds good to me great razor let's go
up there
[Applause]
all right Alex so he said he's about
80,000 we're like 42 so we're about 120
give or take thousand pounds starting on
the hill obviously you want to start in
low low you will twist your drive shaft
for at all
since we have a nice shoulder here I'm
gonna get up to speed on the shoulder
[Music]
when your rpms up pretty high get
momentum
[Applause]
you grab that light
Jumbo's right here
do I
yeah Wow
[Music]
this is an instance where you'd use flow
see
cord
that's all the way down if that's what
you want
all right Alex over here
[Applause]
this is pretty much the speed we have
available
[Music]
you might Hannity the sunglasses
there's all of these turnarounds right
here what I never do
it happens you're gonna be at fault
[Music]
so at this long
no reason to risk
our themes are staying up
it started to drop I need to think about
a downshift
this is pretty much the speed you're
gonna be climbing the hill
[Applause]
so we're gonna have to definitely
downshift here just traffic slowing down
let damn conjure up a little bit
hey can I climb the hill at 25 these
guys should have no problem
or
[Music]
talking today is 98 o3o to Foxtrot
president
[Music]
you're not that heavy it's probably got
a 350 horse
what there
yeah
Alex since we're going uphill I'm not
gonna do this but once we start going
downhill
I always check and make sure that I have
pre expect there
so I'll just pull this valve a little
bit make sure that his brakes are
working and then I'll smoke
it's been a long while since I've
totally set front axle Kenworth like
that I think it's way up there
or that same length and there's three
that's
really well
now we have a we have a w900
2014 with a pretty long wheelbase but it
doesn't have to set for an axle like
that it doesn't turn
not alone
he drove it for the first time and I
warned him and use like oh my death
it runs out of steering quick it's like
one turn and that's it
they don't realize how much of a
difference that makes they're like all
3d what what's that
oh yeah you definitely get used to it
California driver
let's eat something
how the jerk
oh hi
California say about open
[Music]
sure
they should at the same time the amount
of axes out here it's like
a lot of exits out here all sleeping
really didn't like people falling asleep
on the
well drive and that's most accents that
we do without her
no reason of the world I'd like made it
made it
I figure you're in this spot so don't
matter if you're like that
was that going with me
was that gun okay I didn't check it bad
and I didn't notice that I was like
where'd that go all right okay long is
he
long is it
right right alright Alex what do you
want to do first tell me James yep
that's what I do
we need the light yeah I like to do it's
kind of harder on this truck but on the
other trucks I like to all open this box
and that the box that belongs in that
way I don't forget it it is pretty easy
to forget
Johnna do next light
yeah yeah I go and pull your hair I'll
drop it down for you so you know
[Applause]
what's the two light cords for
yeah abs
[Music]
interesting
since we're dropping the trailer what's
another thing we can pull off right now
there now I'll just make it asking you
what you want to do
now all right there
are you able to get it
okay sometimes it binds up when I just
need to push it a little bit
yeah
thank you
[Applause]
hello
so he was able to pull the pin sometimes
it'll be bound up you'll pull on it
won't be able to do it so what do you
think you do yeah send it out sometimes
you pull it in it just just it's just
tension as it found
yep he's all disconnected make sure our
airlines are off we got our light bar
daddy huh Yemen forward yeah let me put
this in there and I'll have you pull the
cord yeah and even I mean if you want to
back it in or you can bring her out huh
go and hop in I'm gonna put this on it
I'm gonna pull it up just touch I just
lowered it so he could get in it
so yeah just inch out you'll feel it
you'll see it like drop out and then
you're clear I watch
that actually touch it
it's not getting area
see how he does
I gave him credit he called me and asked
for a heavy-duty job I told them well go
ahead get your class a and we'll hire
you sure enough he got his class a
good for him so I told him I trained him
here
right it's like the worst way to go
about that
Hey
there you go
what you think about that good
oops
Johanna
quite a drop it
sounds like a plan to me
[Music]
good there
careful with your foot there I don't
like with that there you go and never
put your foot under the crossbar
[Music]
make sure before you extend it that
you're you know where he's at
sometimes I go back behind their truck
or let's make sure any time you extend
out that you verify that he's not in a
bad spot
[Music]
Goodin tilt down now it's there boom
down or whatever get it lower she got
the front axle up off the ground right
now
there you go
had to be good
all right what do you want me to do
Oh killer so it's constant tank so the
best way to do that would be go under
and grab that
that's it
gotta learn one way
[Music]
all right I've done it a few times I
still do it
[Music]
-
all right actually I just leave it there
let it do its thing all right watch me
what I'm gonna what'd I tell you because
it's that touchy
we're facing anything
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah good
I'll even lift it up for you
[Music]
right
are you do you know if you're if the guy
who's getting this is gonna put an air
to it is he gonna tow it from the rear
the way they're doing it I think they've
good hook in the pit bull play yeah
alright put it back
I usually put it back
I'm gonna let the driveshaft down
can you untie all that once you're done
there all right thank you
no you're a flatbed Erwin a lot of bunch
I had a guy bringing a wind turbine
gearbox weight 46,000 pounds we had to
lift it and move it but he had it all
typed up he had to a pole like 50
bungees off that thing
holy smokes
careful it's loose so just know how to
fall on your face but just get all the
all my night job off there
good
yeah
[Music]
Vica
Hey
all right
oh yeah this guy wanted me to lift our
flat 46 out of the pound machine with
the forklift okay there's no way so I
put our rotator and our other heavy on
it
yeah
yep
yeah same concept
we unloaded 110,000 pounds of counter
weight yesterday off of a crane it's
like three channel 3 flatbed worth of
freight of counterweight
all righty
all right
you remember how we loaded it I had some
tail on it so what I want you to do
going to put those away I'll say
[Music]
all right yeah so go ahead and tilt down
some and then you're going hello hey
yeah I'm offloading right now
boom down Alex
yes Sam
yeah
hang on out
go out just a touch
[Music]
yeah
there you go Kiba
oh yeah
boom up
go out
boom down
now
ow
John
okay boom up
[Applause]
tilt down
I'm up
tilt down boom up tilt down boom up tilt
down boom up still down still down
without all the tilt our gonna boom down
see if that'll do the trick
yeah yeah all right tilt up
[Applause]
all right
short the bit shorter the better I don't
think Donnell has very many short blocks
of
yeah
all right boom down keep going keep
going
yeah no bring it in a touch just a
little
all right down
you come in there you go hi in
go down a little bit
I am
go ahead you're queer
alright go ahead and keep it there let's
put these back
ah
now what we'll do Tic Tacs with ya
the bumpers sitting a little lower but
see if we can do
gonna get me lined up there
yeah I want to get it on the on the
center a little more okay
[Music]
[Applause]
so when you're doing this you got to be
super careful you want to be relatively
level and you don't want to do any tilt
just boom straight up
good there okay coming up we on
as soon as we can get those blocks out
of there get them out of there
if you were on a slope you probably
would not want to do this because they
can slide on that crossbar
all right I'm gonna get it down
good good practice for you to run the
controls before you're in the remote
[Music]
for eating
oh yeah
yeah
[Music]
boom up first yeah
you're good I'm boom
say you put that on the look down just
for a winch out and then you got a go
ahead keep going say you put it down
just for a winch out but you didn't
extend it out I always still pull it in
because sometimes it'll walk this way
out then going down the road it'll be
like what's so stupid all right
that looks good all right buddy well
that concludes our adventure all right
it was a pleasure okay we'll see you
later
[Music]
you got competition over there
alright buddy be safe we got everything
Aleks checklist
nice yep
yep yep porks worked out those
driveshaft is dropped bolts are in his
truck I think we're good let's roll
all right everybody will hopefully enjoy
that video as always like comment
subscribe let me know in the comments
what you thought about the video and
we'll see you in the next one thanks
[Music]